README.md, before:

# Problem Set 1

To see the instructions for this assignment, download the files and open "ps1.html" in your web browser, such as Firefox, Chrome, Edge, or Safari.

## Additional Notes:
The guide has all the basic instructions, but here are some additional guidelines.
- [ ] Code for Problem 1 should be written in the file called `Karel_Newspaper.py` included in the repository. Please do not forget to fill out the meta-data information in the comments at the top of the template!
	- Your program only has to work for a single world in this case, which is loaded by default.
- [ ] Code for Problem 2 should be written in the file called `Karel_Painting.py` included in the repository. Please do not forget to fill out the meta-data information in the comments at the top of the template!
	- In addition to working for the default world (`Karel_Painting.w`), your same program should also work for the 3 other provided worlds: `Painting1.w`, `Painting2.w`, and `Painting3.w`. **Make sure you test them as well!**
- [ ] Once you have everything working locally on your system, go ahead and upload your completed versions of `Karel_Newspaper.py` and `Karel_Painting.py` back here to GitHub. Please don't change the names. You will overwrite the originals, and that is totally ok and desired.

If you have issues or come across problems or parts of the instructions that are unclear, please don't hesitate to ask on Discord or via email or in person!

_Don't wait until the last minute to try to make it through everything! Computers (and code) have a way of sensing your desperation and choosing that exact moment to have the most random things go wrong!_

Commit message:

Clarify instructions for opening ps1.html
Added note about double-clicking to open ps1.html.

README.md, after:

# Problem Set 1

To see the instructions for this assignment, download the files and open "ps1.html" in your web browser, such as Firefox, Chrome, Edge, or Safari. Double-clicking the file should work.

## Additional Notes:
The guide has all the basic instructions, but here are some additional guidelines.
- [ ] Code for Problem 1 should be written in the file called `Karel_Newspaper.py` included in the repository. Please do not forget to fill out the meta-data information in the comments at the top of the template!
	- Your program only has to work for a single world in this case, which is loaded by default.
- [ ] Code for Problem 2 should be written in the file called `Karel_Painting.py` included in the repository. Please do not forget to fill out the meta-data information in the comments at the top of the template!
	- In addition to working for the default world (`Karel_Painting.w`), your same program should also work for the 3 other provided worlds: `Painting1.w`, `Painting2.w`, and `Painting3.w`. **Make sure you test them as well!**
- [ ] Once you have everything working locally on your system, go ahead and upload your completed versions of `Karel_Newspaper.py` and `Karel_Painting.py` back here to GitHub. Please don't change the names. You will overwrite the originals, and that is totally ok and desired.

If you have issues or come across problems or parts of the instructions that are unclear, please don't hesitate to ask on Discord or via email or in person!

_Don't wait until the last minute to try to make it through everything! Computers (and code) have a way of sensing your desperation and choosing that exact moment to have the most random things go wrong!_
